docs(nx-cloud): improve info on setting access tokens in various CI providers (#31261)
nrwl/nx: docs/nx-cloud/concepts/cache-security.md

While you can [specify a token](/ci/recipes/security/access-tokens) with the `nxCloudAccessToken` property in `nx.json`, this is visible to anyone who can view your codebase. A read-write token would give someone who may not even have permission to create a PR the access to add entries to the remote cache, which would then be used on other developer's machines and in CI. We recommend you restrict CI Access Tokens to CI use only and rely on [personal access tokens](/ci/recipes/security/personal-access-tokens) for local development instead.

> ### Use Scoped Tokens in CI

Reviewer: More for the paragraph above, 

`A read-write token would give someone who may not even have permission to create a PR the access to add entries to the remote cache, which would then be used on other developer's machines and in CI.` is a little wordy and hard to read

We recommend using a [read-write token](/ci/recipes/security/access-tokens#read-write-access) only for protected branches (branches that don't allow direct push).

> The `read-write` access tokens allow reading from and writing to the shared global cache of your workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
A `read-write` access token allows reading from and writing to the shared global cache of your workspace.
```

Just for consistency since we talk about `read-only` tokens in singular phrasing below
